Update Dashboard content from old PR. (#162)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/configuration/dashboard.md

{{< callout type="info" >}} Available since 4.0.0-alpha.2.0 {{< /callout >}}

> The MKE Dashboard add-on provides a web UI with which you can manage

Reviewer: Re "with which you can manage". You're def the lead on docs, but I'm a fan of a more authoritative tone as it requires less words :)

Author: Changed to "that you can use to manage". :-)

Kubernetes resources:

![MKE dasboard preview](ui-preview.png)

To access the MKE Dashboard, which is enabled by default, navigate to the
address of the load balancer endpoint from a freshly-installed cluster. Refer
to [Load balancer requirements](../../getting-started/system-requirements#load-balancer-requirements) for detailed information.

To disable the MKE Dashboard, set the `enabled` field to `false`

> in the `dashboard` section of the `config.yaml` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in the `dashboard` section of the MKE configuration file:
```
